The patient is an 89-year-old lady.  
She actually turns 90 later this month, seen today for a short-term followup.  
Actually, the main reasons we are seeing her back so soon which are elevated blood pressure and her right arm symptoms are basically resolved.  
Blood pressure is better even though she is not currently on the higher dose Mavik likely recommended.  
She apparently did not feel well with the higher dose, so she just went back to her previous dose of 1 mg daily.  
She thinks, she also has an element of office hypertension.  
Also, since she is on Mavik plus verapamil, she could switch over to the combined drug Tarka.  
However, when we gave her samples of that she thought they were too big for her to swallow.  
Basically, she is just back on her previous blood pressure regimen.  
However, her blood pressure seems to be better today.  
Her daughter says that they do check it periodically and it is similar to today's reading.  
Her right arm symptoms are basically resolved and she attributed that to her muscle problem back in the right shoulder blade.  
We did do a C-spine and right shoulder x-ray and those just mainly showed some degenerative changes and possibly some rotator cuff injury with the humeral head quite high up in the glenoid in the right shoulder, but this does not seem to cause her any problems.  
She has some vague 'stomach problems', although apparently it is improved when she stopped Aleve and she does not have any more aches or pains off Aleve.  
She takes Tylenol p.r.n., which seems to be enough for her.  
She does not think she has any acid reflux symptoms or heartburn.  
She does take Tums t.i.d. and also Mylanta at night.  
She has had dentures for many, many years and just recently I guess in the last few months, although she was somewhat vague on this, she has had some sores in her mouth.  
They do heal up, but then she will get another one.  
She also thinks since she has been on the Lexapro, she has somewhat of a tremor of her basically whole body at least upper body including the torso and arms and had all of the daughters who I not noticed to speak of and it is certainly difficult to tell her today that she has much tremor.  
They do think the Lexapro has helped to some extent.